= Imagesite

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

= Intro

A Rails engine that produces a produces a largely static photo gallery style site from a set of images in "project" directories.

= TODO

The following items are outstanding:

- make thumbnails clickable - displays the larger version of the image


- alt/tooltips not working on images

- if missing thumbnail, dont show it (or auto gen...)    - but dont give missing image error!

- click on homepage image and it advances to next

- look at plugin option, more portable?

- auto generate thumbnail if not present

- add google analytics

= DONE

- For those browsers who won't see Gentium I would like them to see
Georgia (from google's web fonts).

- make left hand options configurable, eg via yaml file or use file names

- pipe (|) between next/prev and other options

- seo - meta tags/header description, any thing else?

- change code to source projects/images from a directory outside of the /public/ area - as currently it means that images/files can be accessed directly.
Largely not a big issue, as they are visible via the site, but in the long term this might not be true, eg due to adding of watermarks on the fly or using
a config file that would contain sensitive info and thus cannot be in the /public/ area.

- is there a way to get the /public/ directory of the engine usable via the app, seems to not be visible... eg stylesheets.
Alternatively, some kind of generator to copy defaults into main app...

- footer, as requested

- allow <a> links in user html
